Its time to build assignments. This will be a very complex module. There needs to be a way here to create a template for assignments that an admin would create from the offset or change down the line. Each set of keys would have their own assignment instructions. The template should then follow the same format for every single location. But if the template ever changes, the system should understand what has been added or taken away and update all locations with this added template section. The template must be very easy to built and have elements for drop downs, section headings, attaching potential images etc.
In addition to this I want to be able to allow the customer whose location we are holding instructions for and keys to be able to edit their own assignment instructions whenever they need to. That customer should be linked to only that 1 specific location. However the customer can have multiple locations that are their and that they can make amendments to. So there needs to be a new customer user creation feature here completely separate to the normal user management features. The customer will be able to edit instructions, add pictures etc but cannot change the format of the template or anything like that. This needs to be a really secure portal where the customer enters into a specific login their email and password. There should be a way to setup a new customer by just entering their email and they would be sent an email to be able to create a password.
There needs to also be an audit history for each location to see who made amendments, when and what changes were made.
Each of the assignment instructions should also be fully password protected from assured 24’s side. This would be a company wide password that can be changed by admin to access the file within as a global change and not an a user basis. So for example admins should be able to change the password to access the document to Password123 and this affects absolutely all the files. But from the customers side they do not see this as they just og on with their email and password to mae and changes to the assignment instructions
